[RFR] CRA workaround: change certificate before run the server (#2)
marmelab/https-on-dev: examples/create-react-app/README.md

Sadly, create-react-app doesn't allow to pass custom certificates without ejecting the app.

### Workaround

> [Zwerge](https://github.com/Zwerge) found a warkaround: replace the CRA's webpack-dev-server default TLS certificate on the fly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Zwerge](https://github.com/Zwerge) found a workaround: replace webpack-dev-server's default TLS certificate on the fly.
```
